<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">
    <h:head>
        <title>FAQ</title>
        <h:outputStylesheet library="css" name="bootstrap.min.css"  />     
        <h:outputStylesheet library="css" name="main.css"  />     
        <h:outputStylesheet library="css" name="footer.css"  />
        <h:outputStylesheet library="css" name="FAQ.css"  />
    </h:head>
    <h:body>
  
        <div class="page-wrap container" >
            <div class="huge-title-header">
                <h1>GuessBid</h1>
                <p><h:link outcome="user/home?faces-redirect=true"><i class="icon icon_home"></i> Home</h:link></p>
            </div>
            
            <div class="list-group" >
                <div class=" list-group-item">
                    <h4 class="list-group-item-heading">By signing up users agree to terms stated below</h4>
                     <p class="list-group-item-text"> 
                          Any violation of the terms stated will result in account deactivation.
                      </p>
                </div>
                <div class="list-group-item" >
                    <h4 class="list-group-item-heading">Credit deposit</h4>
                    <p class="list-group-item-text"> 
                        At this point the application does not provide an interface to Deposit money and therefore update their credit.
                        Users can transfer money via a regular bank transaction to
                        our company's account. After the money has been received, the system
                        administrators will update user's credit accordingly</p>
                </div>

                <div class=" list-group-item">
                    <h4 class="list-group-item-heading">No auction editing </h4>
                    <p class="list-group-item-text">
                        Sellers cannot edit details of an auction once it has been created. This is to protect the bidders of an auction. 
                        ( The users place bids on a, and because of a specific description. 
                        It should not be the case that they place a bid on one thing and then win the auction for a variant, or worse, completely different thing).
                        Sellers can however delete the auction should they need to.
                    </p>
                </div>

                <div class=" list-group-item">
                    <h4 class="list-group-item-heading">Shipment handled privately</h4>
                    <p class="list-group-item-text">
                        GuessBid does not provide or organize the shipment or any other kind of item exchange. After an auction is finished, 
                        the winner and seller receive notifications containing each others emails. The two parties 
                        are expected to come to mutually satisfying agreement and handle the exchange privately and fairly.
                    </p>
                </div>
                <div class=" list-group-item">
                    <h4 class="list-group-item-heading">Auctions are assumed to contain valid info and are the sole responsibility of the seller</h4>
                    <p class="list-group-item-text">
                        All announcements, advertisements, emails, texts,pictures, photographs ,videotapes, and other materials 
                        ( hereinafter referred to as content ) published on the website, transmitted over pages or linked from the 
                        site are the sole responsibility of the person from which such content originated. GuessBid makes no warranty 
                        as to the accuracy, completeness or authenticity of such content. In the case of any third person damages should occur
                        on any grounds related with submitted content, the user takes the responsibility and obligation to take care of all such claims.
                    </p>
                </div>
                <div class=" list-group-item">
                    <h4 class="list-group-item-heading">User and seller disputes</h4>
                    <p class="list-group-item-text">
                        All possible disputes arising from the relationship of users and sellers (caused by the validity of information about the user or advertiser,
                        the content of the offer, shipment agreement etc.) shall be settled exclusively between the user and the seller.
                        GuessBid is not responsible for any damage of any kind arisen as a result of such relations.
                    </p>
                </div>
                <div class=" list-group-item">
                    <h4 class="list-group-item-heading">Forbidden content</h4>
                    <p class="list-group-item-text">
                        The auction must contain specific information about a subject that is sold.
                        The description must relate only to the sale. 
                        The auctions are not allowed to advertise other items,services, demand or anything else that is not directly subject to sale.
                        It is prohibited to publish content that is unlawful, harmful,threatening, abusing, harassing, slander or are in any way harmful to minors.
                        Prohibited are facilities that contain personal information of others without their explicit consent.
                        The user is obligated not to sell and advertise the sale of goods or services which would be in breach of copyright and related rights
                        of third parties.
                    </p>
                </div>
            </div>       
        </div>
        
        
        <div class="site-footer">
            <ui:insert>
                 <ui:include src="WEB-INF/templates/UIelements/footer.xhtml" />
            </ui:insert>    
        </div>
        
    </h:body>
</html>

